 Without music, life would be a mistake.  
 It is not a lack of love, but a lack of friendship that makes unhappy marriages.  
 It is hard enough to remember my opinions, without also remembering my reasons for them!  
 And those who were seen dancing were thought to be insane by those who could not hear the music.  
 As long as you still experience the stars as something above you, you still lack a viewpoint of knowledge.  
 Although the most acute judges of the witches and even the witches themselves, were convinced of the guilt of witchery, the guilt nevertheless was non-existent. It is thus with all guilt.  
 All things are subject to interpretation whichever interpretation prevails at a given time is a function of power and not truth.  
 Faith: not wanting to know what is true.  
 Fear is the mother of morality. 
 Hope in reality is the worst of all evils because it prolongs the torments of man.  
 Regarding life, the wisest men of all ages have judged alike: it is worthless.  
 Let us beware of saying that death is the opposite of life. The living being is only a species of the dead, and a very rare species.  
 Whoever despises himself nonetheless respects himself as one who despises. 
 It is my ambition to say in ten sentences what others say in a whole book.  
 There is always some madness in love. But there is also always some reason in madness.  
 Whoever fights monsters should see to it that in the process he does not become a monster. And if you gaze long enough into an abyss, the abyss will gaze back into you.  
 You must have chaos within you to give birth to a dancing star.  
 In heaven, all the interesting people are missing.  
 Sometimes people don’t want to hear the truth because they don’t want their illusions destroyed.  
 We should consider every day lost on which we have not danced at least once.  
 The individual has always had to struggle to keep from being overwhelmed by the tribe. If you try it, you will be lonely often, and sometimes frightened. But no price is too high to pay for the privilege of owning yourself.  
 The man of knowledge must be able not only to love his enemies but also to hate his friends.  
 I cannot believe in a God who wants to be praised all the time.  
 He who has a why to live for can bear almost any how.  
 The snake which cannot cast its skin has to die. As well the minds which are prevented from changing their opinions; they cease to be mind.  
 In individuals, insanity is rare; but in groups, parties, nations and epochs, it is the rule.  
 The advantage of a bad memory is that one enjoys several times the same good things for the first time.  
 Man is the cruelest animal. 
 I would believe only in a God that knows how to dance.  
 Is man merely a mistake of Gods? Or God merely a mistake of man?  
 Every deep thinker is more afraid of being understood than of being misunderstood.  
 Thoughts are the shadows of our feelings -- always darker, emptier and simpler. 
 A casual stroll through the lunatic asylum shows that faith does not prove anything.  
 The true man wants two things: danger and play. For that reason he wants woman, as the most dangerous plaything.  
 The thought of suicide is a great consolation: by means of it one gets through many a dark night.  
 The higher we soar the smaller we appear to those who cannot fly.  
 There are no beautiful surfaces without a terrible depth.  
 Be careful, lest in casting out your demon you exorcise the best thing in you.  
 We have art in order not to die of the truth.  
 One ought to hold on to ones heart; for if one lets it go, one soon loses control of the head too.  
 That which is done out of love is always beyond good and evil.  
 All I need is a sheet of paper and something to write with, and then I can turn the world upside down.  
 I am a forest, and a night of dark trees: but he who is not afraid of my darkness, will find banks full of roses under my cypresses.  
 What does your conscience say? — You should become the person you are. 
 There is not enough love and goodness in the world to permit giving any of it away to imaginary beings.  
 Perhaps I know best why it is man alone who laughs; he alone suffers so deeply that he had to invent laughter.  
 You must be ready to burn yourself in your own flame; how could you rise anew if you have not first become ashes?  
 Silence is worse; all truths that are kept silent become poisonous.  
 Invisible threads are the strongest ties.  
 Blessed are the forgetful, for they get the better even of their blunders.  
 After coming into contact with a religious man I always feel I must wash my hands.  
 He who would learn to fly one day must first learn to walk and run and climb and dance; one cannot fly into flying.   
 A thought, even a possibility, can shatter and transform us.  
 The visionary lies to himself, the liar only to others.  
 They muddy the water, to make it seem deep.  
 Ultimately, it is the desire, not the desired, that we love.  
 Is life not a thousand times too short for us to bore ourselves?  
 Become who you are!  
 I know of no better life purpose than to perish in attempting the great and the impossible.  
 Is it better to out-monster the monster or to be quietly devoured?  
 The voice of beauty speaks softly; it creeps only into the most fully awakened souls  
 Everything the State says is a lie, and everything it has it has stolen.  
 Hope in reality is the worst of all evils because it prolongs the torments of man.  
 Remorse.-- Never yield to remorse, but at once tell yourself: remorse would simply mean adding to the first act of stupidity a second.  
 Distrust all in whom the impulse to punish is powerful.  
 There is more wisdom in your body than in your deepest philosophy.  
 One repays a teacher badly if one always remains nothing but a pupil.  
 I assess the power of a will by how much resistance, pain, torture it endures and knows how to turn to its advantage  
 Battle not with monsters, lest ye become a monster, and if you gaze into the abyss, the abyss gazes also into you.  
 One must give value to their existence by behaving as if ones very existence were a work of art.  
 For art to exist, for any sort of aesthetic activity or perception to exist, a certain physiological precondition is indispensable: intoxication.  
 The irrationality of a thing is no argument against its existence, rather a condition of it.  
 Nothing on earth consumes a man more quickly than the passion of resentment. 
 Only sick music makes money today. 
 The worst readers are those who behave like plundering troops: they take away a few things they can use, dirty and confound the remainder, and revile the whole.  
 And once you are awake, you shall remain awake eternally.   
 Convictions are more dangerous foes of truth than lies.  
 What is the seal of liberation? Not to be ashamed in front of oneself.  
 One must pay dearly for immortality; one has to die several times while still alive. 
 There is an innocence in admiration: it occurs in one who has not yet realized that they might one day be admired.  
 No shepherd and one herd! Everybody wants the same, everybody is the same: whoever feels different goes voluntarily into a madhouse.  
 The author must keep his mouth shut when his work starts to speak.  
 Live dangerously.  
 Love is blind. Friendship closes its eyes.  
 The earth has a skin and that skin has diseases; one of its diseases is called man.  
 The end of a melody is not its goal: but nonetheless, had the melody not reached its end it would not have reached its goal either. A parable.  
 Throw roses into the abyss and say: here is my thanks to the monster who didnt succeed in swallowing me alive.  
 Without forgetting it is quite impossible to live at all.  
 To live is to suffer, to survive is to find some meaning in the suffering.  
 All great things must first wear terrifying and monstrous masks, in order to inscribe themselves on the hearts of humanity.  
 It is not when truth is dirty, but when it is shallow, that the lover of knowledge is reluctant to step into its waters.  
 You say, its dark. And in truth, I did place a cloud before your sun. But do you not see how the edges of the cloud are already glowing and turning light.  
 Poets are shameless with their experiences: they exploit them.  
 What is the truth, but a lie agreed upon.  
 Many are stubborn in pursuit of the path they have chosen. Few in pursuit of the goal. 
 But it is the same with man as with the tree. The more he seeks to rise into the height and light, the more vigorously do his roots struggle earthward, downward, into the dark, the deep - into evil.  
 It is impossible to suffer without making someone pay for it; every complaint already contains revenge.   
 Truths are illusions which we have forgotten are illusions.  
 One must not let oneself be misled: they say Judge not! but they send to Hell everything that stands in their way.  
 The life of the enemy . Whoever lives for the sake of combating an enemy has an interest in the enemies staying alive.  
 A thought comes when it will, not when I will.  
 I hate who steals my solitude, without really offer me in exchange company.  
 If we train our conscience, it kisses us while it hurts  
 We do not place special value on the possession of a virtue until we notice its total absence in our opponent.  
 He who possesseth little is so much the less possessed. Blessed be moderate poverty!  
 Sensuality often hastens the Growth of Love so much that the roots remain weak and are easily torn up.  
 Of all that is written I love only what a man has written in his own blood.  
 You look up when you wish to be exalted. And I look down because I am exalted.  
 I obviously do everything to be hard to understand myself  
 The world is beautiful, but has a disease called man.  
 Man is a rope stretched between the animal and the Superman--a rope over an abyss. 
 I love him whose soul is lavish, who wants no thanks and does not give back: for he always bestows, and desires not to keep for himself. 
 I love him who desires not too many virtues. One virtue is more of a virtue than two, because it is more of a knot for ones destiny to cling to. 
 I love him who justifies the future ones, and redeems the past ones: for he is willing to succumb through the present ones. 
 I love him whose soul is deep even in the wounding, and may succumb through a small matter: thus goes he willingly over the bridge. 
 A joke is an epigram on the death of a feeling. 
 Cynicism is the only form in which base souls approach honesty.  
 Love, too, has to be learned.  
 He who climbs upon the highest mountains laughs at all tragedies, real or imaginary.  
 Whoever, at any time, has undertaken to build a new heaven has found the strength for it in his own hell...  
 I love him who seeks to create over and beyond himself and thus perishes.  
 Of all evil I deem you capable: Therefore I want good from you. Verily, I have often laughed at the weaklings who thought themselves good because they had no claws.  
 In the mountains of truth, you never climb in vain.  
 To find everything profound - that is an inconvenient trait. It makes one strain ones eyes all the time, and in the end one finds more than one might have wished. 
 A strong and well-constituted man digests his experiences (deeds and misdeeds all included) just as he digests his meats, even when he has some tough morsels to swallow.   
 The vanity of others runs counter to our taste only when it runs counter to our vanity.  
 Anyone who has declared someone else to be an idiot, a bad apple, is annoyed when it turns out in the end that he isn’t.   
 In music the passions enjoy themselves.  
 They’re so cold, these scholars! May lightning strike their food so that their mouths learn how to eat fire!  
 They call you heartless; but you have a heart and I love you for being ashamed to show it.  
 I want to learn more and more to see as beautiful what is necessary in things:—then I shall be one of those who make things beautiful. Amor fati: let that be my love from henceforth!  
 Many a man fails as an original thinker simply because his memory is too good.  
 Arrogance on the part of the meritorious is even more offensive to us than the arrogance of those without merit: for merit itself is offensive.  
 Whoever thought that he had understood something of me had merely construed something out of me, after his own image.  
 Memory says, I did that. Pride replies, I could not have done that. Eventually, memory yields.  
 Blessed are the sleepy ones: for they shall soon fall off.  
 He who cannot put his thoughts on ice should not enter into the heat of dispute.  
 Those you cannot teach to fly, teach to fall faster.  
 The real world is much smaller than the imaginary  
 The overman...Who has organized the chaos of his passions, given style to his character, and become creative. Aware of life’s terrors, he affirms life without resentment.   
 In the end things must be as they are and have always been--the great things remain for the great, the abysses for the profound, the delicacies and thrills for the refined, and, to sum up shortly, everything rare for the rare.  
 Glance into the world just as though time were gone: and everything crooked will become straight to you.  
 The more abstract the truth you wish to teach, the more you need to seduce the senses to it.  
 One must be a sea, to receive a polluted stream without becoming impure.  
 What destroys a man more quickly than to work, think and feel without inner necessity, without any deep personal desire, without pleasure - as a mere automaton of duty?  
 There are terrible people who, instead of solving a problem, bungle it and make it more difficult for all who come after. Whoever cant hit the nail on the head should, please, not hit at all.  
 Digressions, objections, delight in mockery, carefree mistrust are signs of health...  
 In the end we are always rewarded for our good will, our patience, fair-mindedness, and gentleness with what is strange.  
 Not by wrath does one kill but by laughter.
 That for which we find words is something already dead in our hearts  
 To see others suffer does one good, to make others suffer even more: this is a hard saying but an ancient, mighty, human, all-too-human principle [....] Without cruelty there is no festival.  
 Every attainment, every step forward in knowledge, follows from courage, from hardness against oneself, from cleanliness in relation to oneself.  
 Close beside my knowledge lies my black ignorance.  
 God is dead, but considering the state the species man is in, there will perhaps be caves, for ages yet, in which his shadow will be shown.  
 Most people are far too much occupied with themselves to be malicious.  
 Every profound spirit needs a mask: even more, around every profound spirit a mask is continually growing.  
 One should die proudly when it is no longer possible to live proudly.  
 There is a certain right by which we may deprive a man of life, but none by which we may deprive him of death; this is mere cruelty.  
 So long as men praise you, you can only be sure that you are not yet on your own true path but on someone else’s.  
 I have forgotten my umbrella.   
 Untroubled, scornful, outrageous - that is how wisdom wants us to be: she is a woman and never loves anyone but a warrior.  
 A bad conscience is easier to cope with than a bad reputation.  
 Being human is a complicated gig. So give that old dark night of the soul a hug. Howl the eternal yes!  
 Your only problem, perhaps, is that you scream without letting yourself cry.  
 One has to take a somewhat bold and dangerous line with this existence: especially as, whatever happens, we are bound to lose it.  
 Mans maturity: to have regained the seriousness that he had as a child at play.  
 there they laugh: they do not understand me; I am not the mouth for these ears. 
 I am no man, I am dynamite.  
 Every talent must unfold itself in fighting.  
 I love those who do not know how to live, except by going under, for they are those who cross over.  
 Christianity gave Eros poison to drink; he did not die of it, certainly, but degenerated to Vice.  
 The secret of reaping the greatest fruitfulness and the greatest enjoyment from life is to live dangerously.  
 Pity is the most agreeable feeling among those who have little pride and no prospects of great conquests.  
 Freedom is the will to be responsible for ourselves.  
 You say that a good cause will even sanctify war! I tell you, it is the good war that sanctifies every cause!  
 Life is that which must overcome itself again and again  
 The tree that would grow to heaven must send its roots to hell.  
 Go up close to your friend but do not go over to him! We should respect the enemy that is in our friend  
 We labour at our daily work more ardently and thoughtlessly than is necessary to sustain our life because it is even more necessary not to have leisure to stop and think. Haste is universal because everyone is in flight from himself.  
 Oh great star! What would your happiness be if you did not have us to shine for? 
 It is not conflict of opinions that has made history so violent but conflict of belief in opinions, that is to say conflict of convictions.  
 Some men are born posthumously.  
 Christianity was from the beginning, essentially and fundamentally, life’s nausea and disgust with life, merely concealed behind, masked by, dressed up as, faith in another or better life.  
 It is a terrible thought, to contemplate that an immense number of mediocre thinkers are occupied with really influential matters.  
 Against boredom even gods struggle in vain.  
 Behind a remarkable scholar we not infrequently find an average human being, and behind an average artist we often find a very remarkable human being.  
 Though I may seem at times somewhat distant from you, through the gray mist of my own moods, I am never far; my thoughts always circle around you  
 No one dies of fatal truths nowadays: there are too many antidotes.  
 On the mountains of truth you can never climb in vain: either you will reach a point higher up today, or you will be training your powers so that you will be able to climb higher tomorrow. -  
 The complete irresponsibility of man for his actions and his nature is the bitterest drop which he who understands must swallow.  
 My genius is in my nostrils.  
 No artist tolerates reality.  
 What is good? All that heightens the feeling of power, the will to power, power itself. What is bad? All that is born of weakness. What is happiness? The feeling that power is growing, that resistance is overcome.  
 The mother of excess is not joy but joylessness.  
 What is happening to me happens to all fruits that grow ripe. It is the honey in my veins that makes my blood thicker, and my soul quieter. 
 Supposing truth is a woman -- what then?  
 My humanity is a constant self-overcoming.  
 A nation is a detour of nature to arrive at five or six great men- yes, and then to get around them.  
 Ten truths must you find during the day; otherwise will you seek truth during the night, and your soul will have been hungry.  
 Was that life? Well then, once more!  
 Behold! I am weary of my wisdom, like the bee that has gathered too much honey; I need hands outstretched to take it from me. I wish to spread it and bestow it, until the wise have once more become joyous in their folly, and the poor happy in their riches.  
 Something unappeased, unappeasable, is within me. 
 Every habit makes our hand more witty, and out wit more handy.  
 I want to speak to the despisers of the body. I would not have them learn and teach differently, but merely say farewell to their own bodies-- and thus become silent.  
 Did you ever say yes to a pleasure? oh my friends, then you also said yes to all pain. all things are linked, entwined, in love with one another.  
 And if a friend does you wrong, then say: I forgive you what you have done to me; that you have done it to YOURSELF, however--how could I forgive that!  
 What was silent in the father speaks in the son, and often I found in the son the unveiled secret of the father.  
 The wreckage of stars - I built a world from this wreckage.  
 The consequences of our actions take hold of us, quite indifferent to our claim that meanwhile we have improved.  
 Here the ways of men divide. If you wish to strive for peace of soul and happiness, then believe; if you wish to be a disciple of truth, then inquire.  
 What else is love but understanding and rejoicing in the fact that another person lives acts and experiences otherwise than we do?  
 I fear you close by; I love you far away.  
 How much truth does a spirit endure, how much truth does it dare?  
 Every word is a prejudice.  
 The higher man is distinguished from the lower by his fearlessness and his readiness to challenge misfortune.  
 He who does not lie does not know what truth is.  
 How lovely it is that there are words and sounds. Are not words and sounds rainbows and illusive bridges between things which are eternally apart?  
 What? A great man? I only ever see the ape of his own ideal.  
 You should seek your enemy, you should wage your war - a war for your opinions. And when your opinion is defeated your honesty should still cry triumph over that!  
 When we have to change our mind about a person, we hold the inconvenience he causes us very much against him.  
 Human life is inexplicable, and still without meaning: a fool may decide its fate. 
 Either one does not dream, or one does so interestingly. One should learn to spend ones waking life in the same way: not at all, or interestingly.  
 Disobedience- that is the nobility of slaves.  
 One has to know the size of ones stomach.  
 Not he is great who can alter matter, but he who can alter my state of mind.  
 The bite of conscience is indecent.  
 He who cannot obey himself will be commanded. That is the nature of living creatures.  
 A friend should be a master at guessing and keeping still: you must not want to see everything.  
 And as long as you are in any way ashamed before yourself, you do not yet belong with us.  
 Of what is great one must either be silent or speak with greatness. With greatness--that means cynically and with innocence.  
 The belly is the reason why man does not mistake himself for a god.  
 Energy wasted on negative ends.  
 Behold the superfluous! They are always sick; they vomit their bile and call it a newspaper. They devour each other and cannot even digest themselves.
 What do you plan to do in the land of the sleepers? You have been floating in a sea of solitude, and the sea has borne you up. At long last, are you ready for dry land? Are you ready to drag yourself ashore?  
 People who have given us their complete confidence believe that they have a right to ours. The inference is false, a gift confers no rights.  
 Are you a slave? Then you cannot be a friend. Are you a tyrant? Then you cannot have friends.  
 God is dead, God remains dead, and we have killed him.  
 But in the loneliest desert happens the second metamorphosis: here the spirit becomes a lion; he will seize his freedom and be master in his own wilderness.  
 There’s no defense against stupidity.  
 Truth as Circe. - Error has transformed animals into men; is truth perhaps capable of changing man back into an animal?  
 Everything in the world displeases me: but, above all, my displeasure in everything displeases me.  
 But like infection is the petty thought: it creeps and hides, and wants to be nowhere--until the whole body is decayed and withered by the petty infection... Thus spoke Zarathustra.  
 Do I advise you to love thy neighbor? I suggest rather to escape from thy neighbor and to love those who are the farthest away from you. Higher than the love for thy neighbor is the love for the man who is distant and has still to come.  
 It is invisible hands that torment and bend us the worst  
 We are, all of us, growing volcanoes that approach the hour of their eruption, but how near or distant that is, nobody knows- not even God.  
 The final reward of the dead - to die no more  
 A man who wills commands something within himself that renders obedience, or that he believes renders obedience.  
 But the thought is one thing, the deed is another, and another yet is the image of the deed. The wheel of causality does not roll between them.  
 What really raises ones indignation against suffering is not suffering intrinsically, but the senselessness of suffering  
 You say you’re a pessimist, but I happen to know that you’re in the habit of practicing your flute for two hours every evening.  
 Visiting the sick is an orgasm of superiority in the contemplation of our neighbors helplessness  
 Creating—that is the great salvation from suffering, and life’s alleviation. But for the creator to appear, suffering itself is needed, and much transformation.  
 And when he invented his hell, that was his heaven on earth.  
 The good men of every age are those who go to the roots of the old thoughts and bear fruit with them.  
 Alas, where is there still a sea in which one could drown: thus our lament resounds – across shallow swamps.   
 Light for some time to come will have to be called darkness.  
 The melancholy of everything completed!  
 How good music and bad reasons sound when one marches against an enemy. 
 Lightning and thunder require time, the light of the stars requires time, deeds require time even after they are done, before they can be seen and heard.  
 He whom the flame of jealousy encompasses, will at last, like the scorpion, turn the poisoned sting against himself.  
 Thus I spoke, more and more softly; for I was afraid of my own thoughts and the thoughts behind my thoughts.  
 Whatever is profound loves masks; what is most profound even hates image and parable.  
 In loneliness, the lonely one eats himself; in a crowd, the many eat him. Now choose.  
 When the gratitude of many to one throws away all shame, we behold fame.  
 We have to cease to think, if we refuse to do it in the prison house of language; for we cannot reach further than the doubt which asks whether the limit we see is really a limit.  
 The great periods of our life occur when we gain the courage to rechristen what is bad about us as what is best.  
 For others do I wait...for higher ones, stronger ones, more triumphant ones, merrier ones, for such as are built squarely in body and soul: laughing lions must come.  
 Ye shall only have foes to be hated; but not foes to be despised: ye must be proud of your foes.  
 Of all that is written, I love only what a person hath written with his blood. Write with blood, and thou wilt find that blood is spirit.  
 Tethered heart, free spirit.--If one tethers ones heart severely and imprisons it, one can give ones spirit many liberties.  
 Under peaceful conditions a warlike man sets upon himself.  
 When virtue has slept it will arise more vigorous.  
 Mankind ought constantly to be striving to produce Great Men --this and nothing else is its duty  
 Die at the right time  
 Only Individuals have a sense of Responsibility  
 All beings so far have created something beyond themselves  
 I love all those who are heavy drops falling from the dark cloud that hangs over men: they herald the advent of lightning, and, as heralds, they perish.  
 A time came when one rubbed ones eyes; one is still rubbing them today.  
 Our treasure lies in the beehive of our knowledge. We are perpetually on the way thither, being by nature winged insects and honey gatherers of the mind.  
 Life is a journey so everyone is a tourist  
 Man is the most bungled of all the animals, the sickliest, and not one has strayed more dangerously from its instincts. But for all that, of course, he is the most interesting.  
 The awakened and knowing say: body I am entirely, and nothing else; and soul is only a word for something about the body.  
 I am alone again and I want to be so; alone with the pure sky and open sea.  
 Where one can no longer love, there one should pass by.  
 You must be ready to burn yourself in your own flame; How could you become new if you haven’t first become ashes  
 And many such good inventions are there, that they are like woman’s breasts: useful at the same time, and pleasant.  
 A thinking man can never be a party man.  
 Creation-that is the great redemption from suffering, and life’s growing light. But that the creator may be, much suffering is needed and much change. Indeed, there must be much bitter dying in your life, you creators  
 One should adopt only those situations in which is in no need of sham virtues, but rather, like the tight-rope dancer on his tight rope, in which one must either fall or stand - or escape  
 ‎The struggle of maturity is to recover the seriousness of a child at play.  
 Moderation sees itself as beautiful; it is unaware that in the eye of the immoderate it appears black and sober and consequently ugly-looking  
 Three metamorphoses of the spirit have I designated to you: how the spirit became a camel, the camel a lion, and the lion at last a child.  
 Everything in proximity to the hero becomes tragedy; everything in proximity to the demigod becomes satyr-play; and everything in proximity to God becomes...what? world perhaps?  
 Behold, I bring you the Superman! The Superman is the meaning of the earth. Let your will say: The Superman shall be the meaning of the earth! I beg of you my brothers, remain true to the earth, and believe not those who speak to you of otherworldly hopes! Poisoners are they, whether they know it or not. Despisers of life are they, decaying ones and poisoned ones themselves, of whom the earth is weary: so away with them!  
 And must I not conceal myself like one who has swallowed gold- lest my soul should be ripped up?  
 Whoever knows he is deep, strives for clarity; whoever would like to appear deep to the crowd, strives for obscurity. For the crowd considers anything deep if only it cannot see to the bottom: the crowd is so timid and afraid of going into the water.  
 Here is the great city: here have you nothing to seek and everything to lose.  
 One should not go into churches if one wishes to breathe pure air.  
 I am the leading strings of the ego and the prompter of its concepts.  
 It is the stillest words which bring the storm.  
 You shall love beyond yourselves some day! So first, learn to love. And for that you have to drink the bitter cup of your love.  
 One must reach out and try to grasp this astonishing finesse, that the value of life cannot be estimated.  
 Nihilism is…not only the belief that everything deserves to perish; but one actually puts one shoulder to the plough; one destroys.  
 Only cast your pure eyes into the well of my delight, friends! You will not dim its sparkle! It shall laugh back at you with its purity.  
 The spirit now wills his own will, and he who had been lost to the world now conquers the world.  
 You have evolved from worm to man, but much within you is still worm. Once you were apes, yet even now man is more of an ape than any of the apes.  
 Willing emancipates: for willing is creating: so do I teach. And only for creating shall you learn!  
 In conversation we are sometimes confused by the tone of our own voice, and mislead to make assertions that do not at all correspond to our opinions.  
 To make an individual uncomfortable, that is my task.  
 He who is punished is never he who performed the deed. He is always the scapegoat.  
 Men after death are understood worse than men of the moment, but heard better.  
 Association with other people corrupts our character; especially when we have none.  
 My soul is calm and clear, like the mountains in the morning. But they think I am cold, and a mocker with terrible jests.  
 He who maketh no secret of himself shocketh; so much reason have ye to fear nakedness! Aye, if ye were Gods, ye could then be ashamed of clothing!  
 The anthropological criminologists tell us that the typical criminal is ugly: monstrum in fronte, monstrum in animo [monstrous in appearance, monstrous in spirit].  
 These trumpeters of reality are bad musicians.  
 I am a disciple of the philosopher Dionysus, and I would prefer to be even a satyr than a saint. 
 Like tourists huffing and puffing to reach the peak we forget the view on the way up.  
